The Barclays app
How to register on an Android device
Once you've downloaded the app
from your app store,
it's really easy to get started.
Tap on 'Register for the app'.
Next, you'll need to enter
a 5-digit passcode
and re-enter to confirm.
Read through the terms and conditions
and if you're happy,
tap to accept them.
If you've not received
an activation code,
tap 'No, continue without'.
Next, select 'Barclay's UK
Current Account' and tap 'Continue'.
Now to register, you'll need a mobile number,
your Barclays debit card
and your card PIN
If you have them, tap 'Continue'.
Tap 'No'.
Then, to use your contactless Visa card to
register for the app, select 'Tap My Card'.
Place your card so it touches the back
of your phone and move it up and down.
Once your card details have been scanned,
they'll appear on your screen like this.
Tap 'Continue'.
Enter your mobile number, tap 'Done'.
Then tap 'Continue'.
Enter again to confirm
and tap 'Done'.
Followed by 'Continue'.
Once your details have been confirmed,
you'll need to enter your PIN
for the debit card you entered.
Tap 'Continue',
then enter a meaningful word
to welcome you each time you log in,
so you'll know you're using
the genuine app.
Tap 'Continue'.
And that's it -
your registration will be complete.
You'll now be able to use biometric login,
if available, on your device,
review your notification preferences
and take a tour of the app.